DOC: improve documentation of canonical form and set_precision (#1964)
shapely/shapely: docs/geometry.rst

Format types ``'x'`` and ``'X'`` show a hex-encoded string representation of
WKB or Well-Known Binary, with the case of the output matched the
case of the format type character.

> .. _canonical-form:

Reviewer: I might be wrong about this, but I think canonical form may also impose some convention as to which point in a polygon comes first? Or perhaps it is just the shapely implementation that does this. Anyway, if so, this should also be noted and explained. 

As I have said, I might be wrong, but e.g. (note that p1 is in CW order) so this is not a result of a winding order reversal:
```
>>> import shapely
>>> p1 = shapely.geometry.Polygon([(0, 0), (0, 100), (100, 100), (100, 0)])
>>> p2 = shapely.set_precision(p1, grid_size = 1e-3)
>>> print(f"{p1=}\n{p2=}")
p1=<POLYGON ((0 0, 0 100, 100 100, 100 0, 0 0))>
p2=<POLYGON ((0 100, 100 100, 100 0, 0 0, 0 100))>
```
This behaviour might be less likely to bother people, but it's still a behaviour!

Author: @DOSull the second point is the following:
* the starting point of rings is lower left.

This isn't clear?

Author: Hmm... good point.

I did some extra tests... and apparently the result of `set_precision` isn't completely in canonical form... that specific aspect is not correcly applied...

Not sure what to do with it... Strictly speaking it is probably a bug in geos... but....

```
import shapely

p1 = shapely.geometry.Polygon([(0, 0), (100, 0), (100, 100), (0, 100)])
p2 = shapely.set_precision(p1, grid_size=1e-3)
p3 = shapely.normalize(p1)
p4 = shapely.normalize(p2)

print(f"{p1=} (counter-clockwise)")
print(f"{p2=} (clockwise)")
print(f"{p3=} (clockwise)")
print(f"{p4=} (clockwise)")
```

Output:
```
p1=<POLYGON ((0 0, 100 0, 100 100, 0 100, 0 0))> (counter-clockwise)
p2=<POLYGON ((0 100, 100 100, 100 0, 0 0, 0 100))> (clockwise)
p3=<POLYGON ((0 0, 0 100, 100 100, 100 0, 0 0))> (clockwise)
p4=<POLYGON ((0 0, 0 100, 100 100, 100 0, 0 0))> (clockwise)
```

Author: @DOSull I did some more tests and updated the documentation accordingly.

Canonical form
--------------
When geometries are constructed, they are created according to some conventions:

* the coordinates of exterior rings follow a clockwise orientation, interior rings
  have a counter-clockwise orientation. This is the opposite of the OGC specifications

>   because the choise was made before this was included in the standard.

Reviewer: choise -> choice

Format types ``'x'`` and ``'X'`` show a hex-encoded string representation of
WKB or Well-Known Binary, with the case of the output matched the
case of the format type character.

.. _canonical-form:

Canonical form
--------------
When operations are applied on geometries the result is returned according to some
conventions.

In most cases, geometries will be returned in "mild" canonical form. There is no goal
to keep this form stable, so it is expected to change in future versions of GEOS:

- the coordinates of exterior rings follow a clockwise orientation and interior
  rings have a counter-clockwise orientation. This is the opposite of the OGC
  specifications because the choice was made before this was included in the standard.

> - the starting point of rings can be changed, but it is undefined

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the starting point of rings can be changed in the output, but the exact order is undefined and should not be relied upon
```

- the order of geometry types in a collection can be changed, but the order is
  undefined

When :func:`~shapely.normalize` is used, the "strict" canonical form is applied. This
type of normalization is meant to be stable, so changes to it will be avoided if
possible:

- the coordinates of exterior rings follow a clockwise orientation and interior
  rings have a counter-clockwise orientation
- the starting point of rings is lower left

> - elements in collections are ordered by geometry type

Reviewer 2: And then in you have multiple ones of the same type? Or does that get "normalized" in a Multi type?

Author: Indeed the same from the same type. It seems that those are ordered from top to bottom and from right to left.

``` py
import shapely

coll = shapely.GeometryCollection(
    [
        shapely.box(0, 0, 10, 10),
        shapely.Point(50, 50),
        shapely.MultiPoint([(50, 50), (55, 55)]),
        shapely.LineString([(60, 60), (70, 70)]),
        shapely.box(-20, -20, -30, -30),
        shapely.box(20, 20, 30, 30),
        shapely.box(-30, 20, -20, 30),
        shapely.MultiLineString([[(60, 60), (70, 70)]]),
        shapely.box(20, -20, 30, -30),
        shapely.MultiLineString([[(60, 60), (70, 70)], [(80, 80), (90, 90)]]),
    ]
)
print(f"{str(coll)=}")
print(f"{str(coll.normalize())=}")

coll2 = shapely.GeometryCollection(
    [
        shapely.box(-30, 20, -20, 30),
        shapely.box(20, -20, 30, -30),
        shapely.box(20, 20, 30, 30),
        shapely.LineString([(60, 60), (70, 70)]),
        shapely.Point(50, 50),
        shapely.MultiPoint([(50, 50), (55, 55)]),
        shapely.box(0, 0, 10, 10),
        shapely.box(-20, -20, -30, -30),
        shapely.MultiLineString([[(60, 60), (70, 70)]]),
        shapely.MultiLineString([[(60, 60), (70, 70)], [(80, 80), (90, 90)]]),
    ]
)
print(f"{str(coll2)=}")
print(f"{str(coll2.normalize())=}")
```
Result:
```
str(coll)='GEOMETRYCOLLECTION (POLYGON ((10 0, 10 10, 0 10, 0 0, 10 0)), POINT (50 50), MULTIPOINT ((50 50), (55 55)), LINESTRING (60 60, 70 70), POLYGON ((-30 -20, -30 -30, -20 -30, -20 -20, -30 -20)), POLYGON ((30 20, 30 30, 20 30, 20 20, 30 20)), POLYGON ((-20 20, -20 30, -30 30, -30 20, -20 20)), MULTILINESTRING ((60 60, 70 70)), POLYGON ((30 -20, 30 -30, 20 -30, 20 -20, 30 -20)), MULTILINESTRING ((60 60, 70 70), (80 80, 90 90)))'
str(coll.normalize())='GEOMETRYCOLLECTION (POLYGON ((20 20, 20 30, 30 30, 30 20, 20 20)), POLYGON ((20 -30, 20 -20, 30 -20, 30 -30, 20 -30)), POLYGON ((0 0, 0 10, 10 10, 10 0, 0 0)), POLYGON ((-30 20, -30 30, -20 30, -20 20, -30 20)), POLYGON ((-30 -30, -30 -20, -20 -20, -20 -30, -30 -30)), MULTILINESTRING ((80 80, 90 90), (60 60, 70 70)), MULTILINESTRING ((60 60, 70 70)), LINESTRING (60 60, 70 70), MULTIPOINT ((55 55), (50 50)), POINT (50 50))'
str(coll2)='GEOMETRYCOLLECTION (POLYGON ((-20 20, -20 30, -30 30, -30 20, -20 20)), POLYGON ((30 -20, 30 -30, 20 -30, 20 -20, 30 -20)), POLYGON ((30 20, 30 30, 20 30, 20 20, 30 20)), LINESTRING (60 60, 70 70), POINT (50 50), MULTIPOINT ((50 50), (55 55)), POLYGON ((10 0, 10 10, 0 10, 0 0, 10 0)), POLYGON ((-30 -20, -30 -30, -20 -30, -20 -20, -30 -20)), MULTILINESTRING ((60 60, 70 70)), MULTILINESTRING ((60 60, 70 70), (80 80, 90 90)))'
str(coll2.normalize())='GEOMETRYCOLLECTION (POLYGON ((20 20, 20 30, 30 30, 30 20, 20 20)), POLYGON ((20 -30, 20 -20, 30 -20, 30 -30, 20 -30)), POLYGON ((0 0, 0 10, 10 10, 10 0, 0 0)), POLYGON ((-30 20, -30 30, -20 30, -20 20, -30 20)), POLYGON ((-30 -30, -30 -20, -20 -20, -20 -30, -30 -30)), MULTILINESTRING ((80 80, 90 90), (60 60, 70 70)), MULTILINESTRING ((60 60, 70 70)), LINESTRING (60 60, 70 70), MULTIPOINT ((55 55), (50 50)), POINT (50 50))'
```
